docs: Add note for dimension bindings. (#634)
sveltejs/svelte.dev: apps/svelte.dev/content/tutorial/02-advanced-svelte/04-advanced-bindings/04-dimensions/index.md

```

These bindings are readonly — changing the values of `w` and `h` won't have any effect on the element.

> > [!NOTE] Elements are measured using a technique similar to [this one](http://www.backalleycoder.com/2013/03/18/cross-browser-event-based-element-resize-detection/). There is some overhead involved, so it's not recommended to use this for large numbers of elements.
> >
> > `display: inline` elements cannot be measured with this approach; nor can elements that can't contain other elements (such as `<canvas>`). In these cases you will need to measure a wrapper element instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] `display: inline` elements do not have a width or height (except for elements with 'intrinsic' dimensions, like `<img>` and `<canvas>`), and cannot be observed with a `ResizeObserver`. You will need to change the `display` style of these elements to something else, such as `inline-block`.
```
